see how many projects came morumbi this September 7, 2001 years
and to think that on September 7, 90 it was only iwaki
at 21 years after the ingredients we can not do the same
I do not have silicone -
but the state
for the first time before the game
divine wine microwaves
mato grosso seduc
we need to know that this is the thousandth time that I come into the field with the
my heart team
File citation with reception
I thought long before the end of the year with growth
madrid - bibi
determined to finish and hinted that the before the ball roll
I am still no current can instill in the next 12 hours just think of
win the game
my reaction to the 20 seconds of the first half left gaping
chemicals in a statement
I'm not escaping from the clichés
on another day like this but the athletic draw unfortunately did not have as
went ahead
It's good that we had a head.
and dagoberto the potent right of the contest
from then on we play the ball always needing victory
finish their game
rogério said before the game that Sao Paulo lost or did or that
reason to celebrate
o são paulo left the field winner
he rogério and another 63 thousand and five hundred Sao Paulo present
one thousand houses
sadness
but doctors said their guests
the meeting was held on September 7, 2001
This was the same
I'm dating
but it was undoubtedly the most special days there is
W